== How to install ==

= Windows =
* How to install.

Just unpack the zip file to any folder (preferably a folder with full permission such as My Documents/papercrop). 

= Linux (Ubuntu or some debian distributions) =
* How to install.

Copy the downloaded ubuntu_installer.sh to an empty folder (in my case, ~/bin/papercrop) and execute in the terminal.
{{{
cd ~/bin/papercrop
sh ./ubuntu_installer.sh
}}}

This script installs paperCrop in the ~/bin folder. 

* How to install (other linux distros such as fedora)

First install subversion, and then checkout the papercrop repository anywhere:
{{{
   svn checkout http://papercrop.googlecode.com/svn/trunk papercrop
}}}
Install dependencies, for example:
{{{
   cd papercrop
   make install_dependencies_fedora
}}}
You can refer to the Makefile to see what dependencies are required.
{{{
   cat Makefile | grep install
}}}
The package names might differ depending on the distro.
After installing dependencies, make and then make install:
{{{
   make
   make install
}}}
This installs paperCrop in the ~/bin folder. 

* How to execute.

1. Easy way:

Assuming ~/bin is in the path, simply type in a terminal
{{{
paperCrop aaa.pdf
}}}
Or, you can use
{{{
~/bin/paperCrop aaa.pdf
}}}
Here, paperCrop is a python script located in your ~/bin.

2. Using a file manager:

Run "papercrop" in the "~/bin/papercrop/paperCrop_source".

3. Alternative way in a terminal:
{{{
~/bin/paperCrop
}}}

* How to update to the latest version.

Just re-run the script
{{{
cd ~/bin/papercrop
sh ./ubuntu_installer.sh
}}}
Update is usually much faster than first-install.

Or if you didn't use the script
{{{
cd papercrop
svn update .
make
make install
}}}

* The following error message appeared while updating:
{{{
Conflict discovered in 'paperCrop_source/config.lua'.
Select: (p) postpone, (df) diff-full, (e) edit,
        (mc) mine-conflict, (tc) theirs-conflict,
        (s) show all options: 
}}}
Type in
{{{
tf
}}}
This option (theirs-full) will discard your local modifications on config.lua, and get the latest version.

* How can I know what version is installed?
{{{
cd ~/bin/papercrop
cd paperCrop_source
svn info
}}}
will show the revision number. 

* Update doesn't seem to work. What should I do?

Reverting your modification of config.lua might be needed.
{{{
cd paperCrop_source
svn revert config.lua
}}}

Rebuilding the entire source code might be helpful.
{{{
cd paperCrop_source
sh clean_build.sh
}}}

== How to uninstall ==
Just delete the install folder.